What is HTTP?
    HTTP is "Hypertext Transfer Protocol", a protocol for browsers & servers to communicate with.
    governs how clients get data from, or sends data to, a server.

What is a URL?
    URL is "Universal Resource Locator", an address for any internet resource

What is DNS?
    DNS is "Domain Name System" or the "phonebook" of the internet. It takes URLs and turns them into IP addresses

What is a query string?
    a query string is an optional part of a URL that assigns values to specified parameters. 
    It provides "extra" information such as search queries & info from forms
    The query string allows you to pass key-value pairs into the URL, in the format ?key1=value1&key2=value2...

What are two HTTP verbs and how are they different?
    two HTTP verbs are: GET - gets data from the server, 
                        POST - send data to the server, 

What is an HTTP request?
    an HTTP request is a request from client to server which follows the HTTP protocol. 
    (eg a request for HTML from news.google.com)

What is an HTTP response?
    an HTTP response is a response from server to client, following HTTP protocol
    (eg sending back HTML/CSS/JS/etc)

What is an HTTP header? Give a couple examples of request and response headers you have seen.
    an HTTP header is 

What are the processes that happen when you type “http://somesite.com/some/page.html” into a browser?
    the browser looks up the ip address for the domain name & dns
    the browser sends a http request to the server.
    the server sends back a http response.
    the browser begins rendering the html

    it turns "site.com" into an ip address
    connects to that ip address
    on port 80 (the default port)
    using HTTP protocol
    ask for /some/page.html

    Your browser “resolves” the name into an IP address using DNS
    Your browser makes a request to that IP address, including headers (info about browser, any previous cookies, and other things)
    The server sends a response (typically, HTML, with a status code (200 if it was sucessful)
    The browser makes a DOM from that HTML, and finds any other resources needed (images, CSS, JavaScript, etc)
    The browser makes separate HTTP requests for those resources and receives response from the server for each